After setting up Google Colab with the Conference Planner code, you will need a directory on your Google Drive to work with the abstracts for your division. This directory should be shared with you from the Program Officer.

Launch [session_planner.ipynb](session_planner.ipynb) from the conference_planner folder in the "Colab Notebooks" folder on Drive. Follow the instructions in that notebook.


# Data files for the DPO

The data files in your divisional directory will be created by the PO and should contain the following files. However, some of the files will be generated by you when you execute code in  session_planner.ipynb.

- **'abstracts_revised.csv'**: The abstracts specific to the division, as designated in the column 'Select the best divisional affiliation for this abstract' in the X-CD data. Only a subset of the X-CD data is included and the columns 'clean_abstract' and 'clean_title' have been generated. These are the versions of the abstract and title used by GPT-4. This file is generated by meeting_planner.ipynb.
- **'keyword_weights.xlsx'**: This is a listing of all keywords used by GPT-4 for talks within the division, along with the weightings for each keyword. These weights are provided in two categories: clustering and sequencing. This file is initially generated by meeting_planner.ipynb, but should be highly modified by the DPO.
- **'posters_ratings.csv'** and **'talks_ratings.csv'**: These files contain the keyword ratings for each abstract, as assessed by GPT-4. In addition, the 'summary' column holds a one-sentence summary of the abstract, authored by GPT-4. The file is generated by meeting_planner.ipynb.
- **'talks.csv'** and **'posters.csv'**: These contain the data from 'abstracts_revised.csv', with the talks and posters separated. 
- **'talks.html'** and **'posters.html'**: These are web pages that serve to display the sessions that are formulated by the code. They are generated by session_planner.ipynb.